chore(amplify_flutter): migrate amplify_flutter to federated plugin (#1450)
aws-amplify/amplify-flutter: packages/amplify/amplify_flutter_android/README.md

# amplify_auth_cognito_android

The method channel implementation for amplify_auth_cognito on Android

## Usage

> This package is an endorsed plugin of amplify_auth_cognito and will be included as a transitive dependency. It does not need to be imported manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is an endorsed plugin of amplify_flutter and will be included as a transitive dependency. It does not need to be imported manually.
```

Author: good catch, added
